“The secret of change is to focus all your energy not on fighting the old but on building the new.” — Socrates, father of Western philosophy!-!“Always deliver more than expected.” — Larry Page, co-founder of Google!-!“Don’t take too much advice. Most people who have a lot of advice to give — with a few exceptions — generalize whatever they did. Don’t over-analyze everything.  I myself have been guilty of over-thinking problems. Just build things and find out if they work.” — Ben Silbermann, founder of Pinterest!-!If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.” — John Quincy Adams, 6th President of the United States!-!“Every time we launch a feature, people yell at us.” — Angelo Sotira, co-founder of deviantART!-!Be undeniably good. No marketing effort or social media buzzword can be a substitute for that.” — Anthony Volodkin, founder of Hype Machine!-!“Make every detail perfect and limit the number of details to perfect.” — Jack Dorsey, co-founder of Twitter!-!“Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.” — Steve Jobs, co-founder, Chairman and CEO of Apple Inc.!-!“Always look for the fool in the deal. If you don’t find one, it’s you.” — Mark Cuban, AXS TV Chairman and entrepreneur!-!“Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.” — Bill Gates, co-founder of Microsoft!-!“If you just work on stuff that you like and you’re passionate about, you don’t have to have a master plan with how things will play out.” — Mark Zuckerberg, founder of Facebook!-!“If you define yourself by how you differ from the competition, you’re probably in trouble.” — Omar Hamoui, co-founder of AdMob!-!!-!“It’s not about ideas. It’s about making ideas happen.” — Scott Belsky, co-founder of Behance!-!“Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.” — Golda Meir, fourth Prime Minister of Israel!-!“There’s nothing wrong with staying small. You can do big things with a small team.” — Jason Fried, 37signals founder and co-author of Rework!-!“The fastest way to change yourself is to hang out with people who are already the way you want to be.” — Reid Hoffman, LinkedIn co-founder!-!“Chase the vision, not the money, the money will end up following you.” — Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos!-!“The most dangerous poison is the feeling of achievement. The antidote is to every evening think what can be done better tomorrow.” — Ingvar Kamprad, founder of IKEA!-!“Nothing works better than just improving your product.” — Joel Spolsky, co-founder of Stack Overflow!-!“Get five or six of your smartest friends in a room and ask them to rate your idea.” — Mark Pincus, CEO of Zynga!-!“Money is like gasoline during a road trip. You don’t want to run out of gas on your trip, but you’re not doing a tour of gas stations.” — Tim O’Reilly, founder, and CEO of O’Reilly Media!-!“Get big quietly, so you don’t tip off potential competitors.” — Chris Dixon, an investor at Andreessen Horowitz!-!“Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.” — Steve Jobs, co-founder, Chairman, and CEO of Apple Inc.!-!“Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen.” — Wayne Huizenga, prolific American business person, owner of Blockbuster Video and the Miami Dolphins.!-!“Anything that is measured and watched, improves.” — Bob Parsons, founder of GoDaddy!-!“Stay self-funded as long as possible.” — Garrett Camp, founder of Expa, Uber, and StumbleUpon!-!“Don’t play games that you don’t understand, even if you see lots of other people making money from them.” — Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos!-!“Timing, perseverance, and ten years of trying will eventually make you look like an overnight success.” — Biz Stone, co-founder of Twitter!-!“Human beings have an innate inner drive to be autonomous, self-determined and connected to one another. And, when that drive is liberated, people achieve more and live richer lives.” — Daniel Pink, author!-!“Fortunes are built during the down market and collected in the upmarket.” — Jason Calacanis, founder of LAUNCH Ticker!-!“It’s more effective to do something valuable than to hope a logo or name will say it for you.” — Jason Cohen, founder of Smartbear Software!-!“No more romanticizing about how cool it is to be an entrepreneur. It’s a struggle to save your company’s life – and your own skin – every day of the week.” — Spencer Fry, co-founder of CarbonMade!-!“You can’t make anything viral, but you can make something good.” — Peter Shankman, founder of HARO!-!“Don’t worry about funding if you don’t need it. Today it’s cheaper to start a business than ever.” — Noah Everett, founder of Twitpic!-!“Data beats emotions.” — Sean Rad, founder of Tinder!-!“I never dreamed about success, I worked for it.” — Estee Lauder, founder of Estee Lauder Cosmetics!-!!-!“You don’t need to have a 100-person company to develop that idea.” — Larry Page, co-founder of Google!-!“Ideas are commodity. Execution of them is not.” — Michael Dell, chairman, and CEO of Dell!-!“Whether you think you can, or think you can’t – you’re right.” — Henry Ford, founder of the Ford Motor Company!-!“All humans are entrepreneurs not because they should start companies but because the will to create is encoded in human DNA.” — Reid Hoffman, co-founder of LinkedIn!-!“The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.” — Bill Gates, co-founder of Microsoft!-!“In the end, a vision without the ability to execute it is probably a hallucination.” — Steve Case, co-founder of AOL!-!“Step out of the history that is holding you back. Step into the new story you are willing to create.” — Oprah Winfrey, media proprietor!-!“No matter how brilliant your mind or strategy, if you’re playing a solo game, you’ll always lose out to a team.” — Reid Hoffman, LinkedIn co-founder!-!“Don’t be cocky. Don’t be flashy. There’s always someone better than you.” — Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos!-!“Embrace what you don’t know, especially in the beginning, because what you don’t know can become your greatest asset. It ensures that you will absolutely be doing things different from everybody else.” — Sara Blakely, founder of SPANX!-!“Diligence is the mother of good luck.” — Benjamin Franklin, a Founding Father of the United States!-!“A person who is quietly confident makes the best leader.” — Fred Wilson, co-founder of Union Square Ventures!-!!-!“If you can dream it, you can do it.” — Walt Disney, founder of the Disney Brother Studio and Disneylan!-!“However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.” — Stephen Hawking, English theoretical physicist, cosmologist, and autho!-!“When I’m old and dying, I plan to look back on my life and say ‘wow, that was an adventure,’ not ‘wow, I sure felt safe.’” — Tom Preston-Werner, co-founder of Githu!-!“Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.” – Les Brown, American motivational speaker, author, and former politicia!-!“The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.” ― Oprah Winfrey, media proprieto!-!“You Are Never Too Old To Set Another Goal Or To Dream A New Dream.” – C.S. Lewis, British write!-!“Live each day as if your life had just begun.” – Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe, German write!-!“Lean forward into your life. Begin each day as if it were on purpose.” ―Mary Anne Radmacher, autho!-!“There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.” ―Maya Angelou, American poet, singer, and civil rights activis!-!“Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.” ― Roy T. Bennett, autho!-!“You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.” ― Oprah Winfrey, media proprieto!-!“Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.”― George Bernard Shaw, Irish playwrigh!-!“A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.” — Charles Darwin, English naturalist, geologist and biologis!-!!-!“The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.”– Michael Jordan, American former professional basketball playe!-!“People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.” — Tony Robbins, life and business strategist, and autho!-!“The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.” — Colin R. Davis, English conductor for the London Symphony Orchestr!-!“Would you like me to give you a formula for success? It’s quite simple, really: Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn’t at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, so go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember that’s where you will find success.” — Thomas J. Watson, 2nd President of IBM, political figure, and philanthropis!-!Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.” — Winston Churchill, Prime Minister of Great Britain during World War I!-!“Today’s Accomplishments Were Yesterday’s Impossibilities.” – Robert H. Schuller, American motivational speake!-!“Success is the sum of small efforts – repeated day in and day out.” — Robert Collier, autho!-!“Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don’t wish it were easier; wish you were better.” — Jim Rohn, one of America’s foremost business philosopher!-!“There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.” — Colin Powell, US statesman and retired four-star General in the United States Arm!-!“A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.” — David Brinkley, newscaster for NBC and AB!-!“Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.” – William Feather, American publisher and autho!-!“Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.” – Albert Einstein, theoretical physicis!-!“Stop chasing the money and start chasing the passion.” – Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappo!-!. “I never took a day off in my twenties. Not one.” — Bill Gates, Microsoft co-founde!-!